c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\ConsoleUI.exe.config
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\ConsoleUI.exe
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\ConsoleUI.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\ImdbCommunication.Tests.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\ImdbCommunication.Tests.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\obj\Debug\ConsoleUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\obj\Debug\ConsoleUI.exe
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\obj\Debug\ConsoleUI.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\obj\Debug\ConsoleUI.csproj.App.config
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\piotrs.PIOTRS-KOMP\Desktop\imdb\ConsoleUI\bin\Debug\ConsoleUI.exe.config
C:\Users\piotrs.PIOTRS-KOMP\Desktop\imdb\ConsoleUI\obj\Debug\ConsoleUI.exe
C:\Users\piotrs.PIOTRS-KOMP\Desktop\imdb\ConsoleUI\obj\Debug\ConsoleUI.pdb
