c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\ImdbCommunication.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\ImdbCommunication.Tests.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\ImdbCommunication.Tests.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\obj\Debug\ImdbCommunication.Tests.csproj.App.config
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\obj\Debug\ImdbCommunication.Tests.dll
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\obj\Debug\ImdbCommunication.Tests.pdb
c:\users\piotrs.piotrs-komp\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImdbCommunication.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
